**MVP Build Progress:****-------------------****16/3: mVaahan Status**\--- RC Number status tracking. Send SMS when Number received. Give xx days for plate collection\--- Populate View Customers tab on the client app. Show own details, vehicles, insurances, RC status, print RC, submitted docs etc.**17/3: Read finance/insurance. Create 3 docs**\--- Payment receipt upload\--- If user has insurance, on upload fill the Insurance info section and then do not process it from Fill Forms button\--- If user has financing, upload the info and use it to fill on DMS Insurance and RTO forms. Show in Extracted info section\--- Create RTO Checklist, Gate Pass and Form 20 and save them to Prints folder**18/3: Print forms**\--- Print forms button should <save to Prints folder> checklist, Forms 20/ 21/22, Invoice and Insurance from folder\--- All printouts should have page footer with Saathi Vehicle ID identifier in small font\--- Create and print RTO checklist. Print sequence is important. Customer docs first. Then RTO checklist. Then forms in sequence.\--- Instruct operator to get Form 20 signed, attach two photos to it\--- Instruct operator to add Aadhar copies and engine pencil print to the bundle of prints\--- Then hand over the Gate pass to the customer**19/3 and 20/3: Bulk Upload**+++ Create bulk scan upload feature (jumbled 3 docs for 20 customers. Classify and store. Trigger queues and reviews)**21/3:**\--- Create/modify oem and dealer pages for admin\--- Create personas and logins. Store encoded passwords. Setup visibility\--- Add mapping tables for each website (DMS, Insurance and RTO). Stores Site ID, Label Name, Table Name and Column Name**23/3 - 6/4 (2 weeks): Non Functional requirements**\--- Implement RTO filing as a queue for operator to come back to later. Using local browsers\--- Add Aadhar cross-validations. Billing verifications. Etc.\--- Validations, logging, retries, error handling\--- Bug bot. Claude review. App review. VAPT\--- Shift to AWS. Setup Test and prod environments. Environment variables - no SMS, etc.\--- Files, code and db backup scheduling\--- Create client side installer\-------- Post Beta Stabilization (May and Jun) ----------------+++ RTO Payment flow. (owner approves Rs. \& 30 mins via OTP. Operator only clicks pay + OTP on app. Playwight does the rest headlessly)+++ Dealers buy Points (100s)**+++** SMS module&#x09;--- Capture explicit SMS reminder consent on Detail sheet. Store the flag in Customer Ref. Send only if "Yes"&#x09;--- RTO status - registration completed 5-7 days wait, RC issued and provide number allocated xdays wait for plate, plate arrived?&#x09;--- Shift successful reminder to history table and add the next reminder into the queue (keep only one reminder per vehicle in main queue)&#x09;--- Dynamically build message. Hindi message (70 char). Add service mgr number&#x09;--- (consent?) Can we import previous 2 year sales and provide this service for them too? (paid at Rs. 10 per customer for migration and messaging)&#x09;--- Need to register with authorities&#x09;--- Use AWS SNS (Rs. 0.35 to 0.50 per) for service reminder SMS.+++ (Jun) RTO Agent Saathi\-------- MVP Work done ----------------**15/3: RTO Form**\* Use playwright to Fill RTO data\* Create a separate screen for POS\_Mgr to see payment links and make payments\* Each payment should be screen captured. And transaction details etc. grabbed\* Add RC\_sms\_queue\* Fix foreign keys**14/3:**\* Setup dummy DMS and parivahan website\* Use Playwright to populate DMS. Grab full key num, engine, chassis, model, colour, Year of Mfg, and net amount (insurance IDV = 95% of this)\* From DMS, Print forms 21/22 to folder\* Front end v3. I have insurance. Simplify layout.**13/3:**\* Update front end for more information\* Add aadhar back scan (just to store, don't process with textract, avoid cost)\* Add Insurance table\* Allow operator the flexibility to edit vehicle/ insurance info\* Confirm button to commit info to db - customer, vehicle, sales, insurance\* Prepopulate automated service reminder SMS queue (3 per service)**12/3:**\* Created v2 of client side app. Richer and better flow\* Add dealer info to client app and supply from there for the sales master\* Update customer master - Aadhar cant be stored. Name, DOB and 4 digits uniquely identify a person\* Setup AWS account to use AWS Textract\* (Yay!!!) Read vehicle details from Detail sheet. Show the operator what has been extracted\* (Yay Yay!!!) Read customer details from Aadhar QR (front side QR scan has all the info!)**11/3:**\* Setup basic front end. Upload scan feature\* Setup database tables**10/3:**\* Setup environments - python, nodeJS, cursor, postgres, git etc.\* Setup basic front end - Fast API - python call to get things started